Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
Are you crazy, Dang?
Why are you so stress when we fight with those weakly guys.
What if we faint because of over practicing?
Contempt, complacent is self-picking the losing.
You're crazy, everything have really been there, in front of our eyes.
You are scared about those music guys, right?
But I'm not either.
If you don't like, you can go home now
I won't stop you.
Crazy.
If you can, come and rob my ball
Here... hey, what are you doing? Give it to me!
Or... you intend to keep lying on my body?
Not at all
As if I liked lying on your body
Episode 4: All of us are trying to move forward
Oops... I have stomachache.
You... you are having a stomachache
I will take you home... Brother, please stay here.
Teacher... Why are you here?
I must be the one who ask that question
What time is it that  you are still singing here?
We... We are only practicing together.
But teacher...
Can you do not tell their parents, please?
Because of me, I'm the one who begin all.
If you want, please fine me alone.
Of course I have to fine you
Only because I haven't known how to fine until now.
But... Don't you parents give you the money?
That you have to get a part-time job like that
Not like that, teacher.
Only because of money matters of our club.
Besides, we wanna decrease the burden for Lam
Or you see.
It's not sure that we will win if we fight.
You are too silly
How much are you given when you keep singing all night like that?
And how about your studying?
Only today
From tomorrow, don't go and sing like that.
About the money matters, I will find the way to solve it
But | Not "but" anymore
It will be OK
And now...
Stand up, I will take you home.
What a perverted girl!
Why are you too conscious when you come in a boy's room?
You behave as if you are a teen girl.
As if we are strangers.
But you? There is nothing to look at.
Why not? At least, I also have 2 snails.
It's so terrible | Hey...
Don't underestimate your brother
At least, I'm also a No.1 hotboy in school
Many girls lust me but can not.
Eat it back...
They seem be blind all...
But... Why are you so docile these days?
You are always home.
I am out of money, then I'm home. That's all
Because our club is in a trouble time.
So... do you wanna find the money?
Who don't want money? But how to find it?
Hey... Don't tell me that I have to do that thing
I will never do that thing
I sell my art but not sell my body...
My god, god... Are you crazy, Lam? Are you having illusion, Lam?
What is illusion? | Godness...
Wanna earn money? Get dressed and go with me...
Where?
Well... Go then you will know. Quickly, I give you 5 minutes
5 minutes right?
Thanks for taking me home, teacher
You're welcome, come in your home then take a shower and sleep early...
For going to school tomorrow.
So... teacher have to be careful.
You come in home first then I will go
And... I forget that thing... | Don't worry
I won't talk it out. Don't you believe me?
That's not my mean
So, please let me go up to my home.
But... I also have to fine you
Tomorrow, after practicing, let's go to my room.
Yes
Wow... I don't think that you can keep patience like that
Oh! Thao... Because you said that you will come so I wait.
And this guy...
Introduce to Khoi
This' my boyfriend.
The girl who goes out this time
need to take boyfriend along
Is it right, Oppaaaaa?
Right? | What?
Oh, yes... right!
I thought that you were single!
That's only your thinking
But... This is the true.
So why do you still agree to date with Khoi here?
Because of you, you keep messaging to me all day.
Too annoying.
So today I take my boyfriend to tell you
That
I have got a boyfriend already.
Khoi are very good... But I'm very regret!
I know
So... Ok... Bye Khoi
We go, Oppa
Oppa... OPPA
Opps here